1.
A probability distribution is a statistical function that describes all the possible values and likelihoods
 that a random variable can take within a given range.Random event/process/variable: an event/process that is not and cannot be made exact and, consequently, whose outcome cannot be predicted, 
e.g., the sum of the numbers on two rolled dice.
2.
The difference between PRNG and TRNG is deterministic, PRNG is a deterministic random number generator, and TRNG is a non-deterministic random number generator.
 PRNG generates a long-length random number using algo- rithms based on a short initial value.However,there are some use cases where a seemingly random number 
that can be predicted is simply not good enough.
3.
The two factors of probability distribution which are used for different purposes and various types of the data generation process.
Normal or Cumulative Probability Distribution.
Binomial or Discrete Probability Distribution.
4.
Normal distributions are important in statistics and are often used in the natural and social sciences 
to represent real-valued random variables whose distributions are not known to us.
5.
In a probability distribution , the weighted average of possible values of a random variable, 
with weights given by their respective theoretical probabilities, is known as the expected value , usually represented by E(x) .
IncGrowth in  size will make  more likely to find a statistically significant effect, but statistical significance does not mean practical significance.
6.
1.Description. The shuffle() method randomizes the items of a list in place.
2.Syntax. Following is the syntax for shuffle() method − shuffle (lst,[random]) ...
3.Parameters. lst − This could be a list or tuple. ...
4.Return Value. This method returns reshuffled list.
5.Example.....
6.Output.
7.
An expression, rule, or law that defines a relationship between one variable (the independent variable) 
and another variable (the dependent variable). Functions are ubiquitous in mathematics and are essential for formulating physical relationships in the sciences.
8.
The logarithmic and exponential systems both have mutual direct relationship mathematically. So,
 the knowledge on the exponentiation is required to start studying the logarithms because the logarithm is an inverse operation of exponentiation.
9.
a base, an argument and an answer (also called power).